events: add EventEmitter.on to async iterate over events (#27994)
nodejs/node: doc/api/events.md

run();
```

> ## events.on(emitter, event)

Reviewer: Nit: needs to be placed before `events.once()` alphabetically?

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->
* `emitter` {EventEmitter}

> * `event` {string}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `eventName` {string|symbol} The name of the event being listened for
```

For consistency with EventEmitter.prototype.on

> * Returns: {AsyncIterator} to consume the flow of events

Reviewer 2: Something along the lines of:

```suggestion
* Returns: {AsyncIterator} that iterates `eventName` events emitted by the `emitter`
```

?

> * Returns: {AsyncIterator} that iterates `eventName` events emitted by the `emitter`

Reviewer: Maybe it is worth to state explicitly that `value` part is an Array of event arguments (currently it is implied only by the example).

```js
const { on, EventEmitter } = require('events');

> (async function() {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(async () => {
```

  const ee = new EventEmitter();

  // Emit later on
  process.nextTick(() => {
    ee.emit('foo', 'bar');
    ee.emit('foo', 42);
  });

  for await (const event of on(ee, 'foo')) {
    console.log(event); // prints ['bar'] [42]
  }
})();
```

> Returns an `AsyncIterator` to process the flow of events. It will throw

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Returns an `AsyncIterator` that iterates `eventName` events. It will throw
```

See how to write a custom [rejection handler][rejection].

## events.on(emitter, eventName)
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

* `emitter` {EventEmitter}
* `eventName` {string|symbol} The name of the event being listened for
* Returns: {AsyncIterator} that iterates `eventName` events emitted by the `emitter`

```js
const { on, EventEmitter } = require('events');

(async () => {
  const ee = new EventEmitter();

  // Emit later on
  process.nextTick(() => {
    ee.emit('foo', 'bar');
    ee.emit('foo', 42);
  });

  for await (const event of on(ee, 'foo')) {
    console.log(event); // prints ['bar'] [42]
  }
})();
```

Returns an `AsyncIterator` that iterates `eventName` events. It will throw
if the `EventEmitter` emits `'error'`. It removes all listeners when

> exiting the loop.

Reviewer 3: The documentation should likely make it clear that only *waiting* for the event is async within a `for await` and that the execution of the inner block is synchronous and will block. It *should* be obvious, but given how many times we've seen people completely abuse and misuse Promises I'd prefer to be explicit.. Otherwise we'll see things like...

```js
const server = ...
for await (const event of on(server, 'request')) {
  // Long blocking bunch of synchronous code
}
```

Author: I've added some text in the example. Let me know if it's ok.

See how to write a custom [rejection handler][rejection].

## events.on(emitter, eventName)
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

* `emitter` {EventEmitter}
* `eventName` {string|symbol} The name of the event being listened for
* Returns: {AsyncIterator} that iterates `eventName` events emitted by the `emitter`

```js
const { on, EventEmitter } = require('events');

(async () => {
  const ee = new EventEmitter();

  // Emit later on
  process.nextTick(() => {
    ee.emit('foo', 'bar');
    ee.emit('foo', 42);
  });

  for await (const event of on(ee, 'foo')) {
    // The execution of this inner block is synchronous and it

>     // process one event at a time (even with await). Do not use

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // processes one event at a time (even with await). Do not use
```

>     // if parallel execution is required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // if concurrent execution is required.
```
